Just some text to document what else is in this repository.

6/7/2026
I added 2 python files that
    1) Pull from an ADSB API
    2) Uses Streamlit to plot a map
    3) Plots the location of the planes we found (within 75 miles of our location) as vectors from us to planes
    4) Uses another API to pull elevation data along the ground paths of those vectors
    5) Compares the vector elevation to the elevation at the same point to gauge any obstructions

Next I want to use the "calculate_slant_range" to give me the 'north up' azimuth and elevation angles.
I'd then use these as inputs to my steering algorithm to track a plane as it flys by.

6/22/2026

I've updated my files to:
    1) Calculate the azimuth and elevation angles that the sensor would use to point at each aircraft
    2) Plot critical information on the vectors from the sensor to each aircraft
    3) xor the evaluations of ground masking into one boolean
    4) Tabulate the information into an output table for easy reading

Next I want to make a tracker for each aircraft, avoiding using the flight number to explicitly keep track of each aircraft.
Instead, I'm thinking I'll just make an assumption about the distance a plane can travel over the time elapse since the last
measurement. That will give me a range circular that I can then inspect for aircraft. If there is only one inside the circle,
then that's the appropriate plane and I can draw a line between the last measurement location and new one. Recording and
drawing these lines will give a piecewise linear trajectory of each aircraft on the map without too much heavy algorithmic
lifting. The reason I want to avoid explicit labeling of each aircraft is because the sensor will only generate az/el/range
numbers and so if I only use those, I'll be able maintain the tracker when consuming sensor data as well as ADSB data.

I need a little review to make sure I'm not aggregiously abusing lat/lon math and I need to spend more time reading about
coordinate transforms so I can perform the math correctly everywhere.